Title: SNAP or TANF Overpayment
Source: Montana Department of Public Health and Human Services
URL: https://dphhs.mt.gov/HCSD/SNAPorTANFoverpayment
Category: Montana SNAP Benefits

---

SNAP or TANF Overpayment

We are offering an online payment process as a convenience to our customers who wish to pay for their SNAP or TANF overpayment claim. By using the link below, you will be directed to another web page which will allow you to pay your repayment claim by either electronic check or by credit card (VISA, Mastercard, or America Express). You may pay the full claim amount of a portion of the claim amount.

The provider of these services does charge a transaction fee to their services.

Electronic Check--$1.19

Credit card service $1.19 ­+ 3% of the payment claim amount.

If you choose to use this service; the total transaction amount will be displayed once you enter the repayment amount and choose the appropriate payment method.
Once a payment has been entered and submitted, processing may take up to two weeks for your payment to post to your account.

If you have any questions regarding the use of this payment system, you may contact the Business and Financial Services Collection Tech at 444-0020.

This service is for SNAP or TANF overpayment claims only-please do not submit any other DPHHS payments here.

Pay For SNAP/TANF Over Issuance Online Now

Collapse Menu

Contact Us

Human and Community Services Division

2021 N Montana Ave. PO Box 202925 Helena, MT. 59620

(406) 444-1788

Additional Information

Programs and Services

Intergovernmental Human Services Bureau (IHSB)

Commodity Supplemental Food Program

The Emergency Food Assistance Program

Community Services Block Grant Program

Emergency Solutions Grant Program

Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP)

Weatherization Assistance Program

IHSB Policy Manuals

Commodity Supplemental Food Program Policy Manual

Community Services Block Grant Policy Manual

Emergency Solutions Grant Policy Manual

LIHEAP Policy Manual

Weatherization Policy Manual

Public Assistance

Healthy Montana Kids (HMK)

Montana Medicaid

Medicaid Client Information

Medicaid Provider Information

Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP)

Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF)

TANF State Plan 1/2024-12/2026

SNAP or TANF Overpayments

Public Assistance Policy Manuals

Combined Medicaid Assistance (CMA) Policy Manual

SNAP Policy Manual

TANF Policy Manual

Related Links

Report Fraud SNAP, Medicaid, or TANF

Board of Public Assistance
